SPEAKER_01: So what else have you been at, too? Anything much?  No, no, not a lot. Let's see. I'm doing a little bit of work, you know, and let's see.
SPEAKER_00:  No, no, not a lot. Let's see. I'm doing a little bit of work, you know, and let's see.  Went out the tods yesterday, rode my motorcycle out there, been riding my motorcycle a little bit.
SPEAKER_00:  Went out the tods yesterday, rode my motorcycle out there, been riding my motorcycle a little bit.  We started my practice on that.
SPEAKER_00:  Yep, yep. And now I bought my ticket to Thailand.  Oh, so when are you leaving?
SPEAKER_01:  Oh, so when are you leaving?  So I'll be leaving at the end of this month, and then we're going to be staying there for...
SPEAKER_00:  So I'll be leaving at the end of this month, and then we're going to be staying there for...  Looks like we're going to be traveling a couple months.
SPEAKER_01:  So I'll be leaving at the end of this month, and then we're going to be staying there for...
SPEAKER_01:  Looks like we're going to be traveling a couple months.
SPEAKER_00:  Looks like we're going to be traveling a couple months.  Okay.  And then we're going to, at the end of the trip, we're going to do a couple weeks in Japan, which will be fine.  Oh, okay. So when do you actually come home?
SPEAKER_01:  Okay.
SPEAKER_00:  Oh, okay. So when do you actually come home?  And we'll be coming home in May sometime, I think.  Oh, okay. So then, are you going anywhere between May and the end of the year? Just going to be in San Francisco.
SPEAKER_01:  Oh, okay. So when do you actually come home?
SPEAKER_01:  Oh, okay. So then, are you going anywhere between May and the end of the year? Just going to be in San Francisco.
SPEAKER_00:  Uh, we've talked about doing a little motorcycle tour of California, maybe.
SPEAKER_01:  Uh, we've talked about doing a little motorcycle tour of California, maybe.  Oh, okay.  During the summer.
SPEAKER_00:  Oh, okay.
SPEAKER_00:  During the summer.  Now, grandma said that someone...
SPEAKER_01:  Now, grandma said that someone...
SPEAKER_00:  Now, grandma said that someone...  Mom told her one of your friends got in the motorcycle wreck.
SPEAKER_01:  Mom told her one of your friends got in the motorcycle wreck.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, Todd.
SPEAKER_00:  Oh, man.
SPEAKER_01:  Oh, man.  Yeah, he didn't even leave the driveway.
SPEAKER_00:  Yeah, he didn't even leave the driveway.  He, uh...
SPEAKER_00:  He, uh...  He had this thing, this little plastic piece on the accelerator.  It's supposed to be able to rest his hand, because his wrist hurts him, I guess.  Uh-huh.  Well, Watt had told him, you know, don't use that thing. It's dangerous.  Uh-huh.  Well, he put it on there anyway, and sure enough, he started it up. He's just, you know, in the driveway.
SPEAKER_01:  Uh-huh.  Well, Watt had told him, you know, don't use that thing. It's dangerous.
SPEAKER_01:  Well, Watt had told him, you know, don't use that thing. It's dangerous.  Uh-huh.
SPEAKER_00:  Uh-huh.  And he's going to hit the accelerator in it, and then it got away from him, and he let go.  But that plastic piece, you know, hit his, you know, kind of bumped against his wrist, and it kept the accelerator open.  So, it ended up slamming his bike against a parked car, and with his leg in between, and then followed down,
SPEAKER_01:  Uh-huh.
SPEAKER_01:  And he's going to hit the accelerator in it, and then it got away from him, and he let go.
SPEAKER_00:  So, it ended up slamming his bike against a parked car, and with his leg in between, and then followed down,  and then it cut this huge, massive gash in his calf.  Oh, God.  You can see the muscle hanging out.  Oh, man, could they even stitch it?
SPEAKER_01:  Oh, God.
SPEAKER_00:  Oh, man, could they even stitch it?
SPEAKER_01:  Oh, man, could they even stitch it?
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, yeah, I took them to the ER, and they, you know, of course, an all day ordeal, but they stitched him up.
SPEAKER_00:  Yeah, yeah, I took them to the ER, and they, you know, of course, an all day ordeal, but they stitched him up.  So, it was preventable, if you don't have that little thing on there.  Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think, if he hadn't had that thing on there, he would have been okay.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think, if he hadn't had that thing on there, he would have been okay.  Okay. I guess he should have listened to Watt.
SPEAKER_00:  Okay. I guess he should have listened to Watt.  Yep.  He's just what he said afterwards. He's like, "Damn it! Watt told me not to use that thing." He said it was dangerous.
SPEAKER_01:  He's just what he said afterwards. He's like, "Damn it! Watt told me not to use that thing." He said it was dangerous.
SPEAKER_01:  So, we should listen to Watt. He's the experienced rider in our group.  Oh, crazy.
SPEAKER_00:  So, we should listen to Watt. He's the experienced rider in our group.  Oh, crazy.  Yeah.  Man, that's dark.  Yeah, it was gruesome. When I saw it, at first, my eyes were like...
SPEAKER_01:  Man, that's dark.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, it was gruesome. When I saw it, at first, my eyes were like...
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, it was gruesome. When I saw it, at first, my eyes were like...  Oh, man.
SPEAKER_00:  Oh, man.  Because he hopped up really quick, and then he sort of hopped up back into his house, and I didn't see any blood or anything.  Uh-huh.  So, I thought he, you know, I thought he was banged up, but I thought basically he was fine.
SPEAKER_01:  Because he hopped up really quick, and then he sort of hopped up back into his house, and I didn't see any blood or anything.
SPEAKER_01:  So, I thought he, you know, I thought he was banged up, but I thought basically he was fine.
SPEAKER_00:  So, I thought he, you know, I thought he was banged up, but I thought basically he was fine.  Well, he's like, "I didn't hit an artery or something."  Yeah, yeah, he's very lucky, yeah.
SPEAKER_01:  Yeah, yeah, he's very lucky, yeah.
SPEAKER_00:  Yeah, yeah, he's very lucky, yeah.  Plus, he didn't hit an dangerous bot.
SPEAKER_01:  Plus, he didn't hit an dangerous bot.
SPEAKER_01:  Plus, he didn't hit an dangerous bot.  Yep.
SPEAKER_00:  Yep.
